Add rosey migration guide (#100)
CloudCannon/platform-documentation: guides/rosey-migration-guide/migrating-to-rosey.mdx

---
_schema: guide-item
_uuid: de912ab7-84e0-443a-9107-50e00571c1cc
_created_at: '2023-05-26 00:32:03 +0000'
title: Migrating to Rosey
nav_title: Migrating to Rosey
order: 2
published: true
image: /documentation/static/CloudCannonDocumentationog.jpg
description: Convert your translation setup to use Rosey.
tags: []
related_articles:
related_links:
---

> If you’re starting from scratch, have a look at the [Rosey documentation](https://www.notion.so/9f3fcd09e02b43e4bca3d7d19cc96ca1) to get set up, then move on to the next step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you’re starting from scratch, have a look at the [Rosey documentation](https://rosey.app/) to get set up, then move on to the next step.
```
